---
layout: post
category : life
tagline: "."
title: Name in a diferent place
tags : [name]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Attachment is common to human nature. One of the many things a human gets attached to is his/her name. I too have fond memories around my name. My parents spent hours to search for a good meanigful name for their daughter. As my father mentioned later, he found my name while reading a book!
A Gujarati name when I write with English alphabets, most people will pronounce it wrong. So, I was used to correct it whenever I felt I am going to interact with those people. 
It wasn't much effort so I didn't care much or notice the effort. As I moved to United States, none of the people I have met here is able to pronounce my name 100% correctly. I have had several, more than 10, different variations! Again, I am fine with it as many did ask me my true pronunciation again and again and tried really hard!
What comes next?
I got a summer job working with foreign students who comes and visits Portland for a week to a month. They are here to learn about American culture and English language. While working at two different times with two different groups, I discover my colleagues wondering if those students from China and Japan would have their English names. Well of course, many Chinese students when they come to America, they adopt an English name but not ALL!
It took me by surprise when a Chinese student first asked me "Don't you have an English name?" today again an American who has been to Japan and is studying Japan asked, "Won't the Japanese students would have english name?" So, today being a second experience of equal surprise I asked her whether she had a Japanese name when she was in Japan just two weeks back!!!
I received a very mild response, "No just the Japanese pronunciation of my English name". There was no further communication with me. 
I don't know if my tone was sharp but I know I wasn't rude. What do people expect about names from different places?? Just because English is becoming the global language, everyone should become English!
This incidence reminds me of another conversation I had with a South-Asian friend at Portland. In a gist, just because people from different places have names that sounds unusual, doesn't mean they are funny. Just because a majority society cannot pronounce a name doesn't mean they should be given a name convinient to majority!
A person has a choice to become Harry from Harish but not to give this choice is unfair. 
Teach yourself to respect name and attempt to learn the name even though it might have more than 10 different variations they are much sweater to hear!
